All right so we have a haunted hotel and we know floors are haunted in this two dimensional array where
this is our column right.
Right here these are columns and these are our rows.
And when a column is haunted or a floor is haunted the values below it no longer count as you can see
here.
So what we're trying to get is the total cost of all the available rooms.
We have yet to be haunted so you'll see 1 1 2 0 here.
And so it's no we don't count the zero obviously and we don't count the haunted floors below it and
we get 1 5.
We don't count this because it's a 0 0 0 here.
We don't count the three as well.
Then you'll see we'll add up all the values on the floors that have yet to be haunted below the haunted
floors.
And we end up with nine.
So the values that I use here was push an index of methods and index of what's go ahead and jump into
it.
All right so the way that I solve this was I created this price a variable and then that's what we're
going to modify to return and I create a band index which is going to be an array of The Haunted floors.
And if there's a zero we're going to add that haunted floor and if there is a if there is a if it's
not we're going to just add the value to our price chill because that's what we want to return here.
A little bit of this I already typed out I forgot to delete it.
So I apologize about that.
But let's go ahead and create that brand index not band index but our band index or set it equal to
an empty array.
And we're going to set this to be a number.
Excellent.
So now we are going to iterate through two four loops right because there's a two dimensional array.
So I called to zero.
All eyes less then and index plus plus.
And we're going to do a second for loop because when I checked the column value and the row value and
before that we need to zero on J is less than the matrix of being passed in of high length or the values
in the array the nested array increment through each one.
So we're just put plus plus now all we're going do is we're going to check if that value is a zero.
And if it is we're going to add it to our band index.
So if Matrix I have J.
Her column then row is exactly equal to zero.
We want to go ahead and push the column value which is J.
And so we're going to say band index push J nice LCF.
It's not going to be banned.
Well do check your ban index dot index of J.
Is equally good.
Now you have one man who hasn't been banned yet.
We're going to go ahead and take price level and set it.
Update it.
Plus sequels to The Matrix II Matrix II.
Jay
that's really it at the end of the day did do something wrong here.
Oh see here.
So it doesn't seem we should be getting that.
We'll see.
I might have a slight mistake.
So we're checking the oh not the bad index but with checking the matrix stuff.
There we go.
So go Reloj wartime.
We're creating a variable to store the band values.
We're then going to iterate through the matrix.
We're going to do a check to see if it's a haunted floor.
And then we're going to push that down value.
If it's not a zero we're going to do a check to see if it is a if it is included in the index and we'll
go ahead and change just to includes
I right or J No J and go and go do one of those bad boys because we want it not to be in there and.
And then if it's not in they're going to add the value and finally we are going to return it.